Add `observeReadyElements` method (#36)
sindresorhus/element-ready: readme.md

Returns a promise for a matching element.

### observeReadyElements(selector, options?)

> Returns an async iterator which yields with each new matching element. Useful to for example, url shorten `<a>` tags as they are added or to click buttons when they are clickable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns an async iterator which yields with each new matching element. Useful to, for example, shorten the URLs of `<a>` tags as they are added or to click buttons when they are clickable.
```

Reviewer: Neither of these example use-cases are very common. I would try to come up with a more common use-case.

Author: Note to self:

> Useful in userscripts to modify elements when they are added or to wait for a specific amount of elements to load in

Returns a promise for a matching element.

### observeReadyElements(selector, options?)

> Returns an async iterator which yields with each new matching element. Useful for user-scripts that modify elements when they are added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns an async iterable which yields with each new matching element. Useful for user-scripts that modify elements when they are added.
```
